---
navigation:
  title: Resume
head:
  description: Ferry Ananda Febian as a Software Engineer | Blogger 🚀.
  # image: https://fastly.picsum.photos/id/866/536/354.jpg?hmac=tGofDTV7tl2rprappPzKFiZ9vDh5MKj39oa2D--gqhA
---

# Ferry Ananda Febian

Software Engineer | Blogger 🚀

Hello, I'm Ferry, I like trying new things, currently busy as a full-time web developer, freelancer and also actively writing tutorials on personal websites or discussion forums.

| Web Developer - Freelancer |
| -------------------------- |
| Jan 2020 - Present         |

Since my college days, I have chosen to run freelance services in the technology sector with the aim of meeting my financial needs and honing my enthusiasm for learning in the world of technology. This decision was not only about earning additional income, but also about exploring my passion in the technology industry. By becoming a freelancer, I can integrate the theory I learn in class into real projects, which expands my understanding of important concepts in technological development.

| Full Stack Developer - PT Minergo Visi Maxima |
| --------------------------------------------- |
| Aug 2023 - Feb 2024                           |

Design responsive web interfaces, create and maintain RESTful APIs, integrate various third-party systems and services through APIs or other protocols, conduct telematics and IoT research for the mining industry.

| Full Stack Developer - PT Media Kreasi Abadi |
| -------------------------------------------- |
| Jan 2023 - Jun 2023                          |

I am participating in the Batch 4 Independent Campus program by the Ministry of Education and Culture as an intern. This is an incredible opportunity for me to become a FullStack Developer and work on teamwork projects, taking charge of both front-end and back-end development. I am getting hands-on experience with popular technologies including React, Native CSS, Postgres, and Firebase Auth.

| Cyber Security Analyst - Kominfo RI |
| ----------------------------------- |
| Aug 2022 - Jan 2023                 |

I have completed the Batch 3 Independent Campus program, a prestigious internship program by the Ministry of Education and Culture. During this program, I had the privilege of becoming a Cybersecurity Analyst and developing a diverse skill set, including analyzing small and medium scale computer networks, designing corporate computer networks, evaluating security alerts with SIEM, and obtaining my Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) certification.

| Back End Developer - PT Telkom Regional VI |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Apr 2022 - Jul 2022                        |

I had the opportunity to become a mentee in the Digitalent Regional Internship program as a Back end Developer. Through this program, I learned a lot about how to create dashboards and telegram bots with PHP Native.
